db: make keyspace-storage-options non-experimental (#30807)
scylladb/scylladb: docs/cql/cql-extensions.md

In addition, the timeout parameter can be applied to SELECT queries as well.

> ## Keyspace storage options

Reviewer: Add this anchor/target directly before this section heading:

`(cql-keyspace-storage-options)=`

It will be used to create links to this section from RST documents.

Author: Done.

> After [enabling object storage support](../operating-scylla/admin.rst#admin-keyspace-storage-options), configure your endpoints by

Reviewer: - Enabling object storage support referred to enabling the experimental feature. Now that the feature is GA, we no longer have to enable it, but we still have to configure the endpoints.
- Instead of saying "these instructions", we should specify the section name.
- The link is incorrect, as it opens a wrong doc section. Please use a link to `object-storage-configuration`.

You could rewrite this section as follows:
```
To store your keyspaces on Amazon S3 or another S3-compatible object store, you need to configure your storage endpoints.
See {ref}`Configuring Object Storage <object-storage-configuration>` for instructions.
```

Author: Done.

following these [instructions](../operating-scylla/admin.rst#object-storage-configuration).

> Now you can configure your object storage when creating a keyspace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After your storage endpoints are configured, you can configure your object storage when creating a keyspace:
```

Author: Done.
